take a look at these we are spanning all
parts of the tech frontiers in this week
snap judgment where we have a shooting
star beauty with brains and then a tab
in a Zen mode first up the shooting star
canon 650d this camera comes with the
touch screen has automatic shooting
modes and has superior aps-c sensor the
g5 processor boosts the continuous
shooting the ISO sensitivity ranges from
100 to 12,800 and is expandable to 25600
dudes just an 18 megapixel camera and
multi shot noise reduction only works
well for jpg one look at this camera and
you'll spoil the striking resemblance
will it be there to them but apart from
the cosmetics when you delve further
into it you'll realize that it is a
pretty smart camera the touch screen
adds to the shooting process so it
performs average me in the low light
conditions but the life eh be tracking
while shooting videos completely bowled
me over so those slightly expensive
which we will have to give it to this
one so we had a star gadget in the very
beginning let's see if this one can
match up the sony xperia neo l
this phone has a 4-inch display and
powered by ice cream sandwich it comes
enabled with 3d video calling and you
can also do it you're dragging it plays
all audio and video format so the pool
lacks the radio and you can't zoom the
camera apart from the good looks will
spawn has several positives like good
audio video quality and battery life
this is also a PlayStation Certified
device so you can act through
PlayStation games on it but when you
compare it to the competition in the
market like HTC One V and LG optimus l7
then those phones have better specs in
the same price range so much for the
beauty now we take you in a Zen mode
then ultra tab a hundred has a 7-inch
capacitive touchscreen 1.3 MP front
camera with which to zoom it comes with
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and has a
1.2 gigahertz processor with mali-400
GPU it has a 4gb internal memory and 32
gb external well you had microwave see
the dash isn't great and the process is
slow
this staff here is sleek and lightweight
and comes with variety of connectivity
options it also supports 3G through an
external card but then again there are
several budget tablets in the market
with better specs in the same price
range india's number one user just got
even better download any TV news do you
have from the optimized for retina
display full screen view faster response
time
and should double and Italy's new iPad
app download now